The film opens with a scene of a busy Paris street in the 1990s. We see a young woman, Isabelle, walking along the sidewalk. She is looking around nervously, as if she is being followed. We then see a man, Jacques, following her from a distance. Isabelle turns into a alleyway and Jacques follows her. They get into a argument and Isabelle tries to run away, but Jacques grabs her arm and pulls her back. We then see a struggle between the two as Jacques tries to rape Isabelle. Isabelle manages to break free and runs away.

The next scene is Isabelle meeting with her friend, Marie. Marie is concerned about Isabelle and asks what is wrong. Isabelle tells her about the attempted rape and Marie is horrified. They decide to go to the police and report the incident.

At the police station, the detective in charge, Pierre, is skeptical of Isabelle's story. However, he decides to investigate the incident and asks Isabelle to come with him to identify Jacques.

The next scene is of Pierre and Isabelle following Jacques. They watch him as he meets with a shady character in a dark alleyway. It is clear that Jacques is up to something sinister.

Pierre and Isabelle follow Jacques to an abandoned warehouse. They see Jacques meeting with several other men and it is clear that they are planning something illegal. Pierre and Isabelle hide and watch as the men load crates into a van. They notice that one of the crates is leaking a suspicious liquid.

Suddenly, the men spot Pierre and Isabelle. Jacques orders his men to kill them. Pierre and Isabelle manage to escape and run away. They are being chased by the men in the van. Pierre and Isabelle are able to lose them by hiding in a crowded marketplace.

With the men off their trail, Pierre and Isabelle go to the police station to report what they have seen. Pierre is able to identify the other men in the photos of Jacques' criminal associates. They are able to piece together that Jacques and his associates are planning to poison the water supply of Paris with the leaked liquid.

With this information, the police are able to intercept the van carrying the crates of poison. Jacques and his associates are arrested and brought to justice.

Isabelle is a hero for helping to stop the plot and she and Pierre become close friends.