In the early 1990s, 10 year old Lorenzo da Cunha is living with his family in Florence, Italy. His father, Roberto, is a struggling artist and his mother, Chiara, is a stay-at-home mom. Lorenzo is a bright and precocious child who loves adventure. When he's not attending school or helping out around the house, he can be found exploring the city with his best friend, Sofia.

One day, while Lorenzo and Sofia are climbing up the Duomo, they spot a group of graffiti artists spray painting the walls of a nearby building. Intrigued, they sneak closer to get a better look. They watch as the artists create a beautiful piece of graffiti art. Lorenzo is mesmerized by the colors and the shapes.

The next day, he begs his parents to buy him some paint so he can try graffiti himself. They are hesitant at first, but eventually give in. Lorenzo spends hours painting and practicing his graffiti. He quickly becomes obsessed with it.

Soon, he's spending all his free time graffitiing. He starts to neglect his schoolwork and his friendships. His parents worry that he's becoming too involved in this dangerous activity.

One night, Lorenzo sneaks out of the house to paint. He's caught by the police and brought home. His parents give him a stern talking to and ground him for a week.

Lorenzo is undeterred. He continues to paint, even getting up early in the morning to do it before school. He knows he's good at it and he loves the thrill of illegal graffitiing.

One day, he comes home to find his parents packing up their things. They tell him they're moving to the country because Roberto has been offered a job teaching art at a small college. Lorenzo is heartbroken. He doesn't want to leave his graffiti behind.

But, he soon learns that there's more to life than graffiti. As he settles into his new home, he starts to make new friends and finds new hobbies. He even starts to help his father paint murals around the town.

By the time he's a teenager, Lorenzo has put graffiti behind him. But, he still looks back on those early days with fondness. He's grateful that he was able to experience the joy and the creativity of graffiti art, even if it was only for a brief time.